hello people of the universe yes you
remember yes I'm Julie and welcome to
Ivy can well we all know Ivy's look at a
shoot huge nerd right right right well
today we're gonna like take her books
yeah no I'm talking abyss that we're
gonna watch her freak out because
whenever she loses her books her stuff
she has like a withdrawal haha see that
purple bag yeah that's her Wow just you
know gonna take this no not doing it
come on backpack let's go let's go this
way hide it somewhere I show you know a
bun mom's bed looks good um how am I
gonna get this up there uh yes up there
hey and IV will never know it was me
well I better go study some more you
know finals are coming up and I want a
good final grade okay let's just hey
where's my crack what okay their trail
my stuff well well everything seems to
be here well I wonder what happen to my
backpack oh well let's just go study
just need my agenda okay let's just go
to the kitchen said okay let's see okay
um area of a circle um area of a
rectangle uh base times height yeah mmm
what else wait house is possible I took
everything from her back pack Oh No how
am I supposed to get up there
and then i have to go hide it somewhere
and take all this stuff and put it in
there oh how in the world am I supposed
to get up there maybe pandri it's the
perfect tight I could cut wait Ivy
studying but with my super ninja skills
I can be quiet he since i'm a ninja
there shouldn't be a problem oh no hi
huh whoa who made that noise oh the
Apple Jacks spilled I'll pick those up
later I need to finish studying that was
too close for comfort gotta be super
stealth now super still min and remote
okay I should jump huh ow huh-uh yep yes
yes got it got it now I just have to
reach for the backpack it's too far hold
on Oh perfect i'll grab the backpack and
go oh this was really easy whoa whoa
whoa whoa are you okay hold you messed
up the apple jacks tonight my backpack
so you're the one that took my backpack
I should have known from the second ice
on that trail of books well you're
totally busted oh I'm gonna go study
well that didn't go as planned at all
but of course this war is not over and I
losing like Ivy never gets what she
wants I can hear you I know you can Oh